brunette male tender hands they're going
for it right now boys at Atlantis star
boys had coming into the lead with every
intention of putting up close up right
on land a star close-up Lee Marshall I
wasn't even able to get the proper
introduction for poison what happened
did she just rush it he just rushed
right in when after Lana star hit her
with a couple of clotheslines Wow
- star Brigid poisoning herself a hard
way by the hair reversal by poison oh
nice move you know Lannister and say
what you will but he could talk well
seemingly for days about her ego but
she's a tremendous athlete David what's
this your head right into the top
turnbuckle
it's Lana star and guess what Lee
Marshall we really haven't seen Lana in
action
she's just been talking away for the
last few weeks on Wow oh she with a big
right there now Leah won't ask you a
question
what's up good vigilantes Harriet better
breathe oh I kind of dug it when it was
Green I actually thought it went to her
charm slingshot you've been living in
Malibu - long live America likes their
blondes and even though they might not
like Lana's personality they got a liger
here while Will Smith the camel clutch
beautified by poison and now pulling on
the blonde hair I will say this David
Lange star so we're not harmful to the I
object
fans are going to see some great action
today whoa - child picked up by poison
coming up ice cold in there today
against windy wheels and of course the
start of the tag-team tournament Lee oh
I can't wait for Lotus and Jade the
Asian invasion taking on caged heat
dealt a lot of pain and the loca
facelift Lana
surprising me with that move right
handed mrs. lock by lana star Lana's
going over the poison poisons the poison
there's no referee josh is on the
outside
[Music]
[Applause]
- referee I've ever seen
Patti peptide Patti Pappas help poison
but what's this is getting something out
of the back what is she see him poison
in the head what is going on no this
what we knew that Lana had enlisted the
help of Patti camp I thought Patti and
rejected that I don't know what's going
on
Oh No